#summary The purpose of the glossary is to eliminate ambiguous terms and their usage.

=== Action ===
An intent that OmniDroid initiates as a result of an OmniDroid rule.

=== Action Parameters ===
Data that must be sent along with the action.

=== Application Configuration File ===
Lists of applications that are Omni-aware which includes a list of events that application triggers and a list of actions that application can perform along with what filters can be applied for it and how to map data for each of these items.

=== Event === 
An intent that is being received by OmniDroid Intent Listener.

=== Event Attributes ===
Data that is received along with the event.

=== Event Processor ===
Refers to component that processes events and performs required action, based on given rules.

=== Global Attributes ===
A system or third party attribute that provides additional data.

=== Intent (_or Android Intent_) ===
Refers to a Android Intent.

=== Intent Listener ===
Refers to component that listens for Android Intents that we have active rules for.

=== Intent Parser ===
Parses the intent according to it's type and creates properly formated Event.

=== OmniAware ===
Applications which provide an OmniDroid? Application Configuration File for their app.

=== OmniCompatible ===
Applications which are either Omni-aware or have built-in OmniDroid support.

=== OmniHandler ===
An event handler that is configured and stored for use in OmniDroid.  It represents a user specified correlation between events and actions.

=== Rule ===
See OmniHandler.

=== User Configuration File ===
 List of OmniDroid global settings as well as the set of OmniHandlers currently configured. 